okay so be a finished rolling out the
ceiling hair and what we do is we're
going to show you how to clean up the up
roller here so I'm going to put this in
here and to ease out 20s at warm water
use hot water it'll ruin yo Miller so
you can send a chill pill up there spit
it out artist and a lot of pain out
there first and you want to jump it now
there's still in a lot of water in half
so we do is you put it back in chair gym
and then bring out now that's going to
leave a lot of pink on the inside of the
dare so I just want to shut down
y'all
turn ya body for how r goes outside
now we blow this back off without fresh
water on her
yet cold water air to again tomorrow
this is what it looks like right right
now
we are glad this roller down yet
I'm just clean up a lot easier than she
did go
from a lot of water
and this is the water these things are
still like a lot of paint there so we're
going to we're going to fill this back
up but this is what the roller looks
like now out after two times
did this water
there's a pretty much all cleaned out
again and as you can see it looks like
it's tall it's totally playing there and
when you check the water here's just a
out a little bit I want to do is I'm
just going to do one one more and we're
just want to see pretty cool are there
the deal to lock it up yeah ends up
doing a bad thing wait over here and to
the raw brand oh